Feat: Insomnia environment variables and template tags (#2119)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/environments.md

## Referencing environment variables

Environment variables can be referenced in any text input within the Insomnia application. There are two ways to do this:

* Use the autocomplete dropdown by pressing `Control+Space`
* Start typing the name of the variable to display the autocomplete dropdown

## Environment priority

If you define the same environment variable across different levels of environments, Insomnia will look for the value in the following order:

1. Folder environment
1. Selected collection sub-environment
1. Collection base environment
1. Selected global sub-environment
1. Global base environment

## Secret environment variables

Secret environment variables allow you to store sensitive data locally in encrypted form. These variables are masked by default, are not stored in plain text, and are only accessible within the vault namespace (for example, `vault.foo` for a variable named `foo`).

Insomnia does not persist the vault key automatically. If you lose your vault key, you can reset it, but all stored secrets will be permanently deleted for security reasons.

### Managing secrets

To store secrets:

> 1. Generate a vault key from the **Preferences** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a vault key in Insomnia:
   1. Navigate to the **Preferences** settings page at the bottom left in the Insomnia sidebar.
   1. On the General tab, scroll to the Security section and click **Generate Vault Key**.
```

1. Create a new private sub-environment within any global environment.
1. Add your secret variable in the private sub-private environment and set its type to `Secret`.

### Using secrets in scripts

By default, secret variables are not exposed to scripts. To enable access:

> 1. Navigate to **Preferences** > **General** > **Security**.
> 1. Enable the **Enable vault in scripts** setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Preferences** settings page at the bottom left in the Insomnia sidebar.
1. On the General tab, scroll to the Security section and click the **Enable vault in scripts** checkbox.
```
